it's been a big day a really big day
let's not do that
are you ready that's luck such a
confronting thing you're doing to me
right now rolling it really is like
you've just that pikey lens at it you
just
my back hurts too much to get a lot of
it but you its confronting man
playtime I type like okay I'm black oaf
damn well what we expected to happen has
happened
ladies and gentlemen I'd like to
introduce mr. Foyle my ladies and
gentlemen mr. Foyle is a producer gun
producer absolute champion producer he
also doesn't be the shooting video
editing we're calling the predator
tonight of course we are in air creek
eating lamb chops that have been taken
all the way from Sydney is no nowhere
near there well speaking of adventures I
want you folks to stick around with
chapter three don't go anywhere grab
yourself something cold to drink
because our adventure what's up hot sup
hots pops up gets hot I've been told on
a number of occasions
horses are one of the most reliable
forms of transport out there tell you
what I'm not a band or a lot any one of
these guys anytime soon so much choice
in the other one I'm gonna get butt
vegetable puppies famous for its carried
camels I
it's not the best profit off well look
at this it goes to show don't let wash
out and I've actually got a microphone
speaking of adventures folks make sure
you get yourself comfortable grab
something cold to drink because coming
up in Chapter three our adventure right
here to birdsville gets a lot working
from really is getting hard start the
slow slow crawl back into the cocoon of
it don't like me explain us
this landscape that here who really
lends itself
chef Ania